THOMAS HINDS
Solo Acoustic Artist & Poetic Troubadour
Northern Georgia

---

A hard-touring troubadour surviving on raw talent and a heartfelt folk-rock repertoire, Thomas Hinds performs full-time across the country with half a million miles under his belt over the last six years.

A singer/songwriter out of northern Georgia, Thomas has been building a reputation for lyrical depth and an original voice musically. 2025 was a year filled with fresh cover takes—including "Buckets of Rain" and "Use Somebody"—as well as an EP of live tracks from a handful of select shows over the last half decade, titled "Along the Road."

As 2026 begins to unfold, Thomas is finishing up the final details to his highly anticipated follow-up album to "Where Do We Go From Here" (2023). He will be out on the road in support of 2026's album "Hotel Room Songs" throughout the southeast as well as up and down the east coast.

"Hotel Room Songs" has thirteen tracks consisting of ten full band songs and an acoustic track leftover from the 2023 FAME sessions in Muscle Shoals, AL, as well as two additional songs recorded with Miles Landrum (West End Sound) in Atlanta. The first single will be dropping near the end of January—stay tuned.

His sound has been described as "a cross between the ethereal crooning of Jeff Buckley and the down-to-earth angst of early Wilco," with a touch of Ray LaMontagne and Steve Earle in the fabric of his songs.

Thomas began writing in his early twenties but stepped away to raise a family. When his children went out on their own, he committed to performing full-time starting in 2019—and never looked back.

Relocating from New Mexico to North Georgia, Thomas found fertile ground for growing and solidifying his voice among some amazingly talented musicians and songwriters. His travels took him to Alabama's legendary FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, where he recorded "Where Do We Go From Here" (2023) with six musicians who helped flesh out his sound—bringing together the lilting melodies of Americana with the swampy Muscle Shoals groove.

The album reached #86 on the top 100 Americana Album charts, with three songs charting in Georgia's top ten. In 2024, Thomas performed at SXSW in Austin, Texas, further establishing his presence on the national touring circuit.

"Music has always and will always be a shelter in the storms of life for me. I write out the melancholy so I can purge it."

---

BOOKS

Thomas is also the author of two books of poetry and prose:

Ghost of a River (2022)
https://www.amazon.com/Ghost-River-Thomas-Hinds-ebook/dp/B0BKWLL678

In The Details - Second Edition (2024)
https://www.amazon.com/Details-Thomas-Hinds/dp/B0DP6WMHQ3

---

DISCOGRAPHY

Hotel Room Songs - 2026 (Upcoming)
Along The Road (Live) - 2025
Where Do We Go From Here - 2023 (Recorded at FAME Studios, Muscle Shoals)
Heart Attacks & Sweet Dreams (EP) - 2022
Resurrection Road - 2019
Barbwire Bouquet (EP) - 2017
Ghosts and Lamentations - 2015

---

BOOKING INFORMATION

Thomas is always looking for new places to play and people to meet. He has the ability to play solo sets as well as duo, trio, or full band configurations depending on the venue's needs.

Interested in hosting a house concert or have a venue looking for an original artist? Feel free to reach out.

---

CONTACT

Booking: thomashindsschedule@gmail.com
Website: thomashindsmedia.com

STREAMING

Spotify: open.spotify.com/artist/7wOxMZgaCVFRwfRT9tvqDH
Apple Music: music.apple.com/us/artist/thomas-hinds/1004862632
Bandcamp: thomashindsmedia.bandcamp.com

SOCIAL

Facebook: facebook.com/profile.php?id=61552916633069
Instagram: @hindsight_musings
TikTok: @hindsight_musings
YouTube: youtube.com/user/Tbone77777
